Answer the following questions in a document:

Who will visit your site? Potential employers? New clients or customers?
This site will be a personal portfolio. Someone would visit my site see what I'm reading, get a look at the projects I'm working on, see the pictures I'm taking, read my blog, and so on. The people who will visit my site would be:
Potential Employers
Potential Employees
Clients or Customers for my services in various fields.

What can make you and/or your product stand out against your competitors?
Unique and sophisticated design. Someone has to be quickly and immediately impressed with the layout, how the items interact with each other. Clear communication is also crucial. If someone is on my website and gets lost, or doesn't "get it" then it will not stand out. 

How would you speak to your clientele if you were communicating in person? How could you translate that style and tone digitally?
Casually, confidently, and warmly are how I communicate in a professional setting. Since the website visitors will be largely professional, it is important to convey all of these communication styles in the page. Colors can help establish a warm and welcoming tone. Fonts and imagery will play a large part in establishing casual atmosphere. And ease of navigation, with carefully worded text will tread the fine line of confidence in my work and not over stretch into self importance.

What colors represent you or your product?
Likely a lot of white space. This seems to be standard for successful professional sites. All the pro's tell you not to put your resume on color paper, I feel a similar rule applies for personal professional websites. I feel like the color Orange fits my personality, I just tend to lean towards it. Black and Blue are good contrasts to Orange.

What images illustrate your message?
Outdoors, Smiling People, Friends, Graphs, Logos,


IDENTIFY CONTENT:
PAGE 1
Title: Home Page
Purpose: Explain the site purpose, and how to navigate.
Content: Background Image, 2 Boxed Links (either image or text), Title, Contact Info Header (contact header on all pages)

PAGE 2
Title: Professional Page
Purpose: Explain my resume, career aspirations, interests, examples of work, etc.
Content: Resume*, Logos from Previous Employers*, Business Library (links), Examples of Work (links)*, Infographic / Chart of Skills, *all timeline-based

PAGE 3
Title: Personal Page
Purpose: Explain who I am, what my personal interests and hobbies are.
Content: Social Media Links / Feeds (Instagram, GoodReads, Twitter), Photography Section, Travel, Politics, Design, Sports, Volunteer $ & Time, 

LOGO:
Taglines:
- white american male
- white, american, male
- an American, on the Internet.
- you miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
- an unexamined life is not worth living.
- generally pro-serif.
- 

